In March 1992 , Linux version 0.95 was the first to be capable of running X. This large version number jump was due to a feeling that a version 1.0 with no major missing pieces was imminent .	34	pieces	parts	a separate part of a whole
Much of the water carried by these streams is diverted .	9	diverted	taken	send on a course or in a direction different from the planned or intended one
Harry also becomes the worthy possessor of the remaining Deathly Hallows : the Invisibility Cloak and the Resurrection Stone , hence becoming the true Master of Death .	5	possessor	wizarding-world	a person who owns something
Escapologists escape from handcuffs , straitjackets , cages , coffins , steel boxes , barrels , bags , burning buildings , fish-tanks and other perils , often in combination .	24	perils	traps	a source of danger; a possibility of incurring loss or misfortune
The storm continued , crossing the Outer Banks of North Carolina , and retained its strength until June 20 when it became extratropical near Newfoundland .	13	retained	kept	allow to remain in a place or position or maintain a property or feature
Located slightly west of the previous station , the bridges at each end of the station across Punt Road and Swan Street were also rebuilt to accommodate the ten tracks .	26	accommodate	fit	make fit for, or change to suit a new purpose
The Convent has been the official residence of the Governor of Gibraltar since 1728 .	6	residence	home	the official house or establishment of an important person (as a sovereign or president)
Food is procured with its suckers and then crushed using its tough `` beak '' of chitin .	2	procured	grabbed	get by special effort
The United States convened a 13-nation conference of the International Opium Commission in 1909 in Shanghai , China in response to increasing criticism of the opium trade .	3	convened	organised	call together
Photosynthesis is vital for life on Earth .	2	vital	important	urgently needed; absolutely necessary
Dodd simply retained his athletic director position , which he had acquired in 1950 .	11	acquired	hired	come into the possession of something concrete or abstract
Radiometric dating is a technique used to date materials , usually based on a comparison between the observed abundance of a naturally occurring radioactive isotope and its decay products , using known decay rates .	18	abundance	amount	(physics) the ratio of the number of atoms of a specific isotope of an element to the total number of isotopes present
Bacterial contaminants are ubiquitous , and foods left unused too long will often acquire substantial amounts of bacterial colonies and become dangerous to eat , leading to food poisoning .	14	substantial	large	of considerable importance, size, or worth
The territory of the Duchy of Westphalia , which Hesse-Darmstadt received from the 1803 German Mediatisation , was ceded to the Kingdom of Prussia .	18	ceded	given	give over; surrender or relinquish to the physical control of another
Tibooburra has an arid , desert climate with temperatures soaring above 40 Celsius in summer , often reaching as high as 47 C .	3	arid	dry	lacking sufficient water or rainfall
Hanna meandered around the southeastern Bahamas , weakening to a tropical storm while also dumping heavy rain on already-devastated Haiti .	1	meandered	wandered	to move or cause to move in a sinuous, spiral, or circular course
With the high Gulf pressures - a ship reported a pressure of 1015.5 millibars less than 60 m from the storm center at the time it was upgraded to a tropical storm - Alicia was unable to gain size , staying very small , but generated faster winds , and became a Category 1 hurricane on August 16	45	generated	created	bring into existence
Das Rheingold is the first of the four operas that comprise Der Ring des Nibelungen , by Richard Wagner .	10	comprise	tell	include or contain; have as a component
A frenulum is a small fold of tissue that secures or restricts the motion of a mobile organ in the body .	9	secures	prevents	cause to be firmly attached
Helen Hunt has been recognized extensively in her career . In 1998 she become the second actress to win a Golden Globe Award , an Academy Award and an Emmy Award in the same year .	8	career	role	the general progression of your working or professional life
When Wotan refuses to abandon his `` free hero '' , Fricka lays bare his self-deception : Siegmund is in no sense independent since his fate has been pre-ordained by Wotan , who has even indirectly led him to find the magic sword .	2	refuses	says	show unwillingness towards
The storm never approached land during its lifespan , and no damage or casualties were reported .	13	casualties	deaths	someone injured or killed in an accident
The purpose of public speaking can range from simply transmitting information , to motivating people to act , to simply telling a story .	9	transmitting	giving	transfer to another
Published by Tor Books , it was released on August 15 , 1994 in hardcover , and in paperback on July 15 , 1997 .	7	released	made	prepare and issue for public distribution or sale
In many circumstances , these investments can be less expensive than fossil fuel energy systems .	2	circumstances	renewables	the set of facts or circumstances that surround a situation or event
Following the death of Schidlof from a heart attack in 1987 , the Amadeus Quartet disbanded .	15	disbanded	existed	cause to break up or cease to function
By 1960 he had developed the short story into a screenplay , and envisaged it as containing a suitable role for Monroe .	13	envisaged	thought	form a mental image of something that is not present or that is not the case
With poor sales of the A340-200 , Airbus decided to use the fuselage of the A340-200 with the wings and engines of the A330-300 .	12	fuselage	body	the central body of an airplane that is designed to accommodate the crew and passengers (or cargo)
The last event was held on June 11 , 2000 , not to be held again due to the acquisition of WCW by World Wrestling Federation .	19	acquisition	buying	the act of contracting or assuming or acquiring possession of something
Kowal suggested the name and the IAU endorsed it in 1975 .	7	endorsed	supported	give support or one's approval to
Dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on September 12 .	6	periphery	half	the outside boundary or surface of something
Brief additional internal links are generally tolerated when used to facilitate communication or to provide general information , but undesirable if seen as canvassing for some purpose .	6	tolerated	allowed	allow the presence of or allow (an activity) without opposing or prohibiting
Alfonso drops the marriage contract in front of the officers , and , when they read it , they become enraged .	20	enraged	angry	marked by extreme anger
The Overland Expedition , also called the Overland Relief Expedition or Point Barrow-Overland Relief Expedition , was an expedition in the winter of 1897-1898 by officers of the United States Revenue Cutter Service to save the lives of 265 whalers trapped in the Arctic Ocean by ice around their ships near Point Barrow , Alaska .	18	expedition	trip	an organized group of people undertaking a journey for a particular purpose
Located on the River Pedieos and situated almost in the center of the island , it is the seat of government as well as the main business center .	6	situated	located	situated in a particular spot or position
Iero thought that it would be difficult to promote the album himself , if released through his own label , with his current obligations to My Chemical Romance and the other bands signed to his label .	23	obligations	responsibilities	the state of being obligated to do or pay something
It has now been determined that Europa is a prograde rotator , but the exact direction in which its pole points remains ambiguous .	22	ambiguous	unclear	open to two or more interpretations; or of uncertain nature or significance;
The Bishops ceded the Oversticht to the Emperor Charles V in 1528 , who styled himself `` Lord of Overijssel '' , thereby giving the province its modern name .	2	ceded	gave	give over; surrender or relinquish to the physical control of another
Many parts of Odessa were damaged during its siege and recapture on 10 April 1944 , when the city was finally liberated by the Red Army .	8	siege	fall	the action of an armed force that surrounds a fortified place and isolates it while continuing to attack
The name survives as a brand for a related spin-off digital television channel , digital radio station , and website which have survived the demise of the printed magazine .	24	demise	end	the time when something ends
The city was first founded by the British in 1827 , who leased the island from Spain during the colonial period .	12	leased	paid	let for money
In reference to the landscape , bush describes a wooded area , intermediate between a shrubland and a forest , generally of dry and nitrogen-poor soil , mostly grassless , thin to thick woody shrubs and bushes , under a sparse canapy of eucalypts .	40	sparse	dense	not dense
The theory of incentive compatibility that Hurwicz developed changed the way many economists thought about outcomes , explaining why centrally planned economies may fail and how incentives for individuals make a difference in decision making .	26	incentives	rewards	a positive motivational influence
The axe , or ax , is an implement that has been used for millennia to shape , split and cut wood , harvest timber , as a weapon and a ceremonial or heraldic symbol . The axe has many forms and specialized uses but generally consists of an axe head with a handle , or helve .	8	implement	tool	instrumentation (a piece of equipment or tool) used to effect an end
But critics note that Francis Galton did not advocate coercion when he defined the principles of eugenics .	8	advocate	idea	speak, plead, or argue in favor of
After its sale in 1998 , it merged into Festival Mushroom Records .	7	merged	joined	join or combine
Cobra and Tango and Cash did solid business domestically but overseas they did blockbuster business grossing over $ 100 million in foreign markets and over $ 160 million worldwide .	15	grossing	making	earn before taxes, expenses, etc.
Triangles can also be classified according to their internal angles , measured here in degrees .	4	classified	grouped	arrange or order by classes or categories
Later describing the experience as a `` nightmare , '' she was able to phone Joe DiMaggio from the clinic , who immediately traveled from Florida to New York to facilitate her transfer to the Columbia Presbyterian Medical Center , where she remained for three weeks .	30	facilitate	help	make easier
The Pennines constitute the main watershed in northern England , dividing the eastern and western parts of the country .	2	constitute	make	to compose or represent
They locate food by smell , using sensors in the tip of their snout , and regularly feast on ants and termites .	13	snout	beak	a long projecting or anterior elongation of an animal's head; especially the nose
At present it is formed by the Aa , which descends from the Rigi and enters the southern extremity of the lake .	18	extremity	end	the outermost or farthest region or point
Specialized English operates in the civil society sector , and the developers aspire to make programs for a variety of public service purposes , subject to resources being available .	12	aspire	try	have an ambitious plan or a lofty goal
In this case , a relatively large kernel with sophisticated capabilities is adapted to suit an embedded environment .	9	sophisticated	complex	ahead in development; complex or intricate
This period spanned the years from 1278 through 1288 .	2	spanned	lasted	to cover or extend over an area or time period
Realising that the gang could not elude the police forever , Moondyne Joe formulated a plan to escape the colony by traveling overland to the colony of South Australia .	6	elude	get	escape, either physically or mentally
Southeastern Oklahoma , also known by its official tourism designation , Kiamichi Country , encompasses the southeastern quarter of the state of Oklahoma .	14	encompasses	covers	include in scope; include as part of something broader; have as one's sphere or territory
The A-train family comprises trains for both commuter services and limited express services .	3	comprises	consists	include or contain; have as a component
In DNA , adenine binds to thymine via two hydrogen bonds to assist in stabilizing the nucleic acid structures .	4	binds	sticks	form a chemical bond with
In 2001 , UNESCO inscribed the 2,750-year-old city on the World Heritage List as Samarkand - Crossroads of Cultures .	4	inscribed	added	register formally as a participant or member
Radames affirms that Aida is the person he will marry , and Aida convinces him to flee to the desert with her .	1	affirms	wants	say yes to
Like many Bolshevik artists , Eisenstein envisioned a new society which would subsidize artists totally , freeing them from the confines of bosses and budgets , leaving them absolutely free to create , but budgets and producers were as significant to the Soviet film industry as the rest of the world .	6	envisioned	pictured	imagine; conceive of; see in one's mind
Forming in the western Caribbean sea during the first week of November , Hurricane Gordon became the twelfth tropical depression , the seventh named tropical storm , and the third hurricane of the 1994 Atlantic hurricane season . An erratic , long-lived system which remained a tropical storm for most of its existence , it followed a winding path through the western Caribbean and into Florida before strengthening into a Category 1 hurricane and threatening North Carolina .	39	erratic	deadly	having no fixed course
The latter means basic or radical change ; whereas reform may be no more than fine tuning , or at most redressing serious wrongs without altering the fundamentals of the system .	25	altering	changing	cause to change; make different; cause a transformation
The Kyoto Protocol was adopted at the third session of the Conference of Parties to the UNFCCC in 1997 in Kyoto , Japan .	4	adopted	made	choose and follow; as of theories, ideas, policies, strategies or plans
From 1885 to 1901 , locomotives stopped at Young Tank to replenish their water .	11	replenish	refill	fill something that had previously been emptied
Stone floor tiles tend to be heavier than ceramic tiles and somewhat more prone to breakage during shipment .	13	prone	glaze	having a tendency (to)
To enjoy qin songs , one must learn to become accustomed to the eccentric style some players may sing their songs to , like in the case of Zha Fuxi .	13	eccentric	strange	conspicuously or grossly unconventional or unusual
A voluntary association or union is a group of individuals who voluntarily enter into an agreement to form a body to accomplish a purpose .	21	accomplish	work	put in effect
It is the teaching that , as a consequence of the Fall of Man , every person born into the world is enslaved to the service of sin and , apart from the efficacious or prevenient grace of God , is utterly unable to choose to follow God or choose to accept salvation as it is freely offered .	33	efficacious	irresistible	marked by qualities giving the power to produce an intended effect
He was kidnapped and held by the notorious Pirate Peter Easton in Harbour Grace .	7	notorious	infamous	known widely and usually unfavorably
As a result of this acquisition and the legal dispute with Hearst Corporation , Mandrakesoft announced that the new company name would be Mandriva , and that Mandriva Linux would be the new name covering products .	9	dispute	company	a disagreement or argument about something important
Despite almost daily reports of missing property , he was able to evade capture until 15 February , when a man named Wimbow , who had been pursuing him with a partner for days , found him in an area of thick brush called Liberty Plains and shot him .	12	evade	avoid	escape, either physically or mentally
He was born at Plessiel , a hamlet of Drucat near Abbeville , to a long-established family of Picardy , the great-nephew of the painter Eustache Le Sueur .	7	hamlet	village	a community of people smaller than a village
The Man in the High Castle occurs in an alternate universe United States ruled by the victorious Axis powers .	9	alternate	different	serving or used in place of another
Their quick acceleration makes them suitable for services with short intervals between stations .	5	suitable	good	meant or adapted for an occasion or use
Aung San Suu Kyi returned to Burma in 1988 to take care of her ailing mother .	14	ailing	sick	somewhat ill or prone to illness
Progress in developing the TAR was hindered by political and economic obstacles throughout the 1960s , 1970s and early 1980s .	11	obstacles	problems	something immaterial that stands in the way and must be circumvented or surmounted
In 1832 his family emigrated thence to Belleville , Ontario , where he apprenticed with the printer at the town newspaper , The Belleville Intelligencer .	4	emigrated	moved	leave one's country of residence for a new one
Ohio State also announced in 2006 , that it would be designating at least $ 110 million of its research efforts to what it termed `` fundamental concerns '' such as research towards a cure for cancer , renewable energy sources and sustainable drinking water supplies .	26	fundamental	important	serving as an essential component
Long ago , there was a decision by the late former Prime Minister , Rafik Hariri , to restore the synagogue and surround it with a garden .	18	restore	rebuild	return to its original or usable and functioning condition
After a brief period lecturing at the Nicole Normale , he took up a position at the University Lille Nord de France , where from 1953 to 1954 he taught psychology .	4	lecturing	teaching	teaching by giving a discourse on some subject (typically to a class)
Port Arthur was also the destination for juvenile convicts , receiving many boys , some as young as nine arrested for stealing toys .	7	juvenile	young	of or relating to or characteristic of or appropriate for children or young people
Notrium is played from a top-down perspective , giving an overhead view of proceedings .	6	perspective	person	a way of regarding situations or topics etc.
The Amazon Basin is the part of South America drained by the Amazon River and its tributaries .	16	tributaries	branches	a branch that flows into the main stream
The International re-formed in 1923 , and was reconstituted again , in its present form , after World War II .	8	reconstituted	organised	construct or form anew or provide with a new structure
The Sunnah is seen as crucial to guiding interpretation of the Qur ` an .	5	crucial	important	of the greatest importance
The Avesta is the primary collection of sacred texts of Zoroastrianism , composed in the Avestan language .	12	composed	written	produce a literary work
Typically , the biggest difference between film and stage musicals is the use of lavish background scenery which would be impractical in a theater .	14	lavish	impressive	characterized by extravagance and profusion
Following The Hassles ' demise in 1969 , he formed the duo Attila with Hassles drummer Jon Small .	4	demise	parting	the time when something ends
There they signed a collective protest , and vowed their newspapers would continue to run .	8	vowed	promised	make a vow; promise
The first amniotes , such as Casineria , resembled small lizards and evolved from amphibian reptiliomorphs about 340 million years ago .	8	resembled	looked	appear like; be similar or bear a likeness to
In 1999 , a World Tamil Confederation was established to protect and foster Tamil culture and further a sense of togetherness amongst Tamils in different countries .	12	foster	promote	promote the growth of
For much of the twentieth century it was used by the Queensland Government as a settlement for Aboriginals considered guilty of such infractions as being `` disruptive '' , being pregnant to a white man or being born with `` mixed blood '' .	22	infractions	crimes	a crime less serious than a felony
Historically , in the warm Mediterranean and Middle Eastern climates , the courtyard served to accommodate the large number of worshippers during Friday prayers .	15	accommodate	hold	provide housing for
John McCain polled 62.5 % in the 2008 Presidential Election while 70.9 % of Utahns opted for George W. Bush in 2004 .	15	opted	liked	select as an alternative over another
Throughout most of the film , his only true friend , aside from his mother , is the mouse , Timothy - a relationship parodying the stereotypical animosity between mice and elephants .	27	animosity	stereotype	a feeling of ill will arousing active hostility
The band is known for its large line-up , which consists of nine members ; including a vocalist , two guitarists , a bassist , two percussionists in addition to a primary drummer , a sampler , and a turntablist .	17	vocalist	singer	a person who sings
Digital signatures are equivalent to traditional handwritten signatures in many respects ; properly implemented digital signatures are more difficult to forge than the handwritten type .	20	forge	copy	make a copy of with the intent to deceive
His linguistic capacity , thoughts and speeches correspond to those of modern man , including a vast knowledge about history , politics , philosophy and literature .	16	vast	big	unusually great in size or amount or degree or especially extent or scope
Recent archaeological evidence may indicate an Edomite nation as long ago as the 11th century BC , but the topic is controversial and others argue that the 8th or 9th century dates are correct .	2	evidence	proof	your basis for belief or disbelief; knowledge on which to base belief
Triton was revealed to have remarkable active geysers and polar caps .	5	remarkable	extraordinary	worthy of attention because interesting, significant, or unusual
Polar bear fur consists of a layer of dense underfur and an outer layer of guard hairs , which appear white to tan but are actually transparent .	26	transparent	translucent	transmitting light; able to be seen through with clarity
The most common reason for erecting a khachkar was for votive reasons - for the salvation of the soul of either a living or a deceased person .	25	deceased	dead	dead
Scene 2 : The Doctor rushes by the Captain in the street , who urges him to slow down .	14	urges	tells	push for something
Warner also set a Super Bowl record by attempting 45 passes without a single interception .	8	attempting	throwing	make an effort or attempt
